Oh
this recipe is going to really satisfy
your sweet tooth without even thinking
about the fact that there's no dairy in
it whatsoever so let's go right into it
the first thing you want to do is get
you up and preheat it to 350 second
thing you wanna do is get your muffin
pan line it with some liners make sure
nothing sticks but now I'm going to go
into actually making the batter in this
bowl all I'm going to do is whisk
together two dry ingredients I have some
cocoa powder and it's important that's
unsweetened cocoa you want to use really
good quality cocoa powder and then I'm
going to add in some all-purpose flour
and to this I'm going to add in some
baking powder baking soda and salt now
here we go put a little bit of that
right in there and some salt and it's
going to crank it in perfect now all I'm
going to do is just whisk this really
quickly just to sort of combine
everything together and then just set
this aside while we work on our wet
ingredients let's work on the white so
in here might add in an egg and always
crack an egg into a separate Bowl in
case you get a bad egg you don't waste
your whole batter good tip there and
then instead of butter I like to use
apple sauce it's going to still keep
everything super moist but you're not
going to feel any guilt because you're
using that sauce instead of butter
unsweetened apple sauce of course so you
can control how much sugar goes into
your cupcake mix so put that in fabulous
and then I'm going to put in some brown
sugar and some regular granulated sugar
and touch a vanilla because every batter
needs a touch of vanilla right smells
good already and isn't even hit the oven
now I'm going to mix this really quickly
kind of cream it together and that will
add in the almond milk that's looking
good for me now I'm going to add in some
almond milk almond milk here is a great
substitute it's going to still give you
a fluffy sort of delicious moist batter
but you're not going to feel really
guilty to give it to
someone that you know can't actually eat
any dairy so now to the whet we're going
to add in a dry that's as simple as that
and then just whisk everything to mix
them together but you don't want to over
whisk it you want to mix it in enough so
you don't see any dry ingredients but
you don't want to over mix it otherwise
you'll end up with bread instead of
really light fluffy muffins you don't
want to overwork the flour so now using
one of my favorite tool in the kitchen
an ice cream scooper that's right an ice
cream scooper here is just if you can
use this many many ways and one of my
favorite ways to use it is to fill my
little cupcakes everyone comes out the
same size you don't get anything dirty
and it's just brilliant
so just fill all of these up as one and
now these are going to go into your
preheated oven at 350 between 20 to 22
minutes and then we're going to let them
cool completely before we serve them if
you are not able to eat dairy then go
ahead and use some soy whipped topping
which is just as delicious look how cute
that is
no real twats water but you would know
it a super rich super decadent
Ready Set cook subscribe or watch
another recipe rehab how-to video right
now and check out what the heck are you
eating where joy Bower breaks down the
good and the bad in your favorite foods